# standaloneQuizApp
A simple standalone quiz applet to serve Moodle GIFT quizzes. A set of sample GIFT-formatted questions is provided (questions on French, English and Spanish syntax). These questions are generated by my [Corpus2Quiz processing chain](https://github.com/abalvet/ACE).

This tool can be used to test your manually-edited GIFT questions, or use syntax-related automatically-generated questions from my [ACE repository](https://github.com/abalvet/ACE).

The applet lets you load a set of GIFT-formatted questions (caveat: only basic GIFT compliance performed, only 1 correct answer expected) and render a quiz by shuffling questions and logging user responses. Upon quiz completion, a table is generated with user traces and scores that Moodle does not provide: total time, time per question, average time per question, hesitations, total mouse distance and mouse distance per question. This applet is a very basic implementation, so no advanced quiz rendering features are provided (i.e. accessibility, data persistence). This applet is meant as a standalone app for now, although LTI compliance is the next logical steps, in order to interface with LTI-capable LMS, such as Moodle. These features will be implemented in a future version of the applet. 
In the meantime, the applet offers a quick and dirty way to test GIFT-formatted quizzes and collect relevant user stats, which is super useful in a demo context. Detailed scores can be download as a TSV table. 

## Bugs
  
  - "hesitations" are not counted accurately
